Remove the Try your first meal section. In the opening page Instead of 'No cooking, no cleaning, just enjoy.' add ' With us you no longer have to run a kitchen, manage groceries or worry about your daily food. ' The video carousel should look like the image attached, the images should roll over the axis of rotation as y axis when scrolled down. This should be placed to the right of the text 'Food sorted, Life sorted', like it is now. IN the next section, use relevant images, gaphics, vectors, etc. Currently the images don't match the content. Make it more responsive. And make the spacing and alignment proper, avoid overlaps as shown in the image. In punctual delivery show an image of a motorbike delivery person serving food to a customer or something related to that. Flexible subscription, should include that the person could choose the days of the week he/she needs food, weekdays, everyday, and also change location of delivery to both home and office. The image could show a calender with a few dates selected of the month. Freshly prepared meals section, includes healthy, no additives, fresh ingredients, passionate chefs and food engineering etc. Add a relevant image here as well. THis section should focus more on the lifestyle change and the benefits of time, labour and stress. CONVENIENCE emphasised here. HOw it works could also include simple visual representations instead of irrelevant images, even simple graphics/icons,vectors, etc. Remove the time of delivery from the menu (eg 15-20 min) and also remove add to cart. Under explore the menu section I want to add the preorder prices. Preorder means people can order food 4 hours prior for the meal time, and recieve it during their meal time. Prices : Supermeals - Rs 150, Meals - Rs 130, Day Starters - Rs 100. for Desserts and Juices Prices may vary. Subscribers will get supermeals and Desserts as part of their daily meals without any extra rates. Remove 'Join thousands of satisfied customers who trust us for their daily meals.' We are growing fast, and our food is tasted by hundreds of people daily, something like that, or like we serve over a hundred people. In the customer feedback section ' What our customers say' shouldn't come in between the two feedback quotes. make the section seamless. In satisfaction guaranteed, Add ' we have a Customer support team to answer your queries before you take a plan and they help you to choose a plan suitable for you, so please free to talk to us before making a payment. ' and lead them to whatsapp chat. Remove the 'As featured in' section. Rename ' Delivery Areas' to something better, more attractive, and engaging. Under Request delivery to your area, leave a space to add the user's pincode and submit. Adjust layout, and arrangement to look better, more visually engaging, quickly graspable. In Delivery Schedule, add bold font, and text arrangement for better readability. Change Newsletter to Join Whatsapp group to get daily menu and get regular updates. Changes to How it works section : 1. In browse and select, mention browse and select a plan, meal type, etc and check availability in your location. 2. Schedule your delivery, manage orders, etc. And text about transparency and no commitments. 3. Delivery at doorstep. 4. Enjoy your meal, and please keep updating your feedback with us. Good Luck. Do the best you can. You are an expert at this.

